What is Ansible?
Ansible is a software tool to deploy application using ssh without sny downtime.It is also used to manage and configure software applications. Ansible is developed by Python language.

How Ansible Works?
Ansible categorize into two types of server: controlling machines and nodes.
The controlling machine, where Ansible is installed and Nodes are managed by this controlling machine over SSH. The location of nodes are specified by controlling machine through its inventory.

The controlling machine (Ansible) deploys modules to nodes using SSH protocol and these modules are stored temporarily on remote nodes and communicate with the Ansible machine through a JSON connection over the standard output.

What is Playbooks?
Playbooks : Ansible playbooks are a way to send commands to remote computers in a scripted way. Instead of using Ansible commands individually to remotely configure computers from the command line, you can configure entire complex environments by passing a script to one or more systems.

What is The hosts file?
this is the Ansible Inventory file, and it stores the hosts, and their mappings to the host groups (webservers ,databases etc)

How do I access a variable name programmatically?
An example may come up where we need to get the ipv4 address of an arbitrary interface, where the interface to be used may be supplied via a role parameter or other input. Variable names can be built by adding strings together, like so:

{{ hostvars[inventory_hostname]['ansible_' + which_interface]['ipv4']['address'] }}
The trick about going through hostvars is necessary because it’s a dictionary of the entire namespace of variables. ‘inventory_hostname’ is a magic variable that indicates the current host you are looping over in the host loop.



How does a Cookbook differ from a Recipe in Chef?
The answer to this is pretty direct. You can simply say, “a Recipe is a collection of Resources, and primarily configures a software package or some piece of infrastructure. A Cookbook groups together Recipes and other information in a way that is more manageable than having just Recipes alone.”


How do I see a list of all of the ansible_ variables?
Ansible by default gathers “facts” about the machines under management, and these facts can be accessed in Playbooks and in templates. To see a list of all of the facts that are available about a machine, you can run the “setup” module as an ad-hoc action:
Ansible -m setup hostname
This will print out a dictionary of all of the facts that are available for that particular host.

Specifying a user by Using a specific SSH private key?
ansible -m ping hosts --private-key=~/.ssh/keys/id_rsa -u centos

How to run  a playbook in dry-run mode?
ansible-playbook playbooks/PLAYBOOK_NAME.yml --check

Ansible tower?
Ansible Tower, previously called the AWX project, is the fix to this problem. It is a comprehensive web-based UI for Ansible, containing the most important Ansible features, especially those that render better as graphical rather than text-based output, such as real-time node monitoring.

Features of Ansible Tower?
Role-based access control
Job scheduling
Portal mode
Fully documented REST API
Tower Dashboard
Cloud integration

Write a playbook for installing Tomcat, Httpd?
